README.md, before:

# Roman Numerals Tech Task
This development task is based on the simple process of converting Roman numerals. This task requires you to build a JSON API and so any HTML, CSS or JavaScript that is submitted will not be reviewed.

## Brief
Our client (Numeral McNumberFace) requires a simple RESTful API which will convert an integer to its Roman numeral counterpart. After our discussions with the client, we have discovered that the solution will contain three API endpoints, and will only support integers ranging from 1 to 3999. The client wishes to keep track of conversions so they can determine which is the most frequently converted integer, and the last time this was converted.

### Endpoints Required
1. Accepts an integer, converts it to a Roman numeral, stores it in the database and returns the response.
2. Lists all the recently converted integers.
3. Lists the top 10 converted integers.

## What we are looking for
- Use of MVC components (View in this instance can be, for example, a Laravel Resource).
- Use of [Fractal](https://fractal.thephpleague.com/) or [Laravel Resources](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent-resources)
- Use of Laravel features such as Eloquent, Requests, Validation and Routes.
- An implementation of the supplied interface.
- The supplied PHPUnit test passing.
- Clean code, following PSR-12 standards.
- Use of PHP 8.3 features where appropriate.

Please also include a short explanation of your approach, including any design decisions you have made and the reasons for those decisions.

## Submission Instructions
Please create a [git bundle](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-bundle/) and send the file across:
```
git bundle create <yourname>.bundle --all --branches
```

Commit message:

explain approach via the readme

README.md, after:

# Roman Numerals Tech Task
My submission for the tech task for YPS.

## My explanation
- Implemented a single-action controller for invoking the conversion method API.
- Conversion logic in a dedicated service class.
- Used a readonly class property for the lookup table of Roman Numerals to integers, to allow future proofing protection of the property to ensure immutability and prevent accidental modification.
- Could have created the lookupTable as an Enum, however to avoid over-engineering I decided not to implement this.
- Used a request class to outsource the validation to another file, allowing separation of concerns.
- Return as an API resource collection, which allows consistent formatting and returns a known structure.
- Stats are implemented as 2 methods in the Stats controller. Additional functionality would mean that this implementation would need to be re-visited to prevent bloating with 100s of methods in the class.

## Running the Project
- Clone the repository.
- Install dependencies with `composer install`.
- Run migrations with `php artisan migrate`.
- Seed the database with `php artisan db:seed`.
- Start the server with `php artisan serve`.
- Run tests with `php artisan test`.
